I was born into war right into it people
think they understand pain but they have
no concept of it what's the most pain
you've ever felt maybe the kind that
leaves you more machine than man wait no
stop what in the actual ass Dale what
why why are the visual effects not done
it's a metal arm it's not like we're
trying to remove a mustache oh it
I'll do it myself I'm cable and I'm from
the future and I like blowing up
oh no sheriff Deadpool you know you're a
lot taller in the shut up you little
take this regeneration powers
activate
that's not something cable I got the
stones to help you buddy
they're done already oh wow that was
unrealistic we fast okay in it
your time's up you dumb well that's
just lazy writing
[Music]